Feat/update doc on wallet creation (#12)
TradeTrust/documentation: src/document-creator/document-creator.mdx

## Wallet field

The `"wallet"` field is a string that refers to your ethereum wallet. 

If you don't have a wallet, you can refer to [Open Attestation's documentation](https://github.com/Open-Attestation/open-attestation-cli#wallet) to create a wallet.

> _Note: you will need to have Open Attestation Cli installed._ This will give you a wallet.json.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note: you will need to have Open Attestation Cli installed._ After running OA CLI `wallet create` command, this will give you a wallet.json.
```

Alternatively, you can also generate a wallet.json from an existing account created in Metamask using the OpenAttestation Cli. _Note: you will need to have Open Attestation Cli installed._ 
You will have to input your wallet's private key which can be found when you go to your account in Metamask, click on the menu icon, go to 
"Account Details" and click "Export Private Key". You will be prompted to input your Metamask password. Once you have your private key,

> you can key in the following command to generate a wallet.json:

Reviewer: maybe wanna put in a screenshot? (make sure to blanko any your details) if not u can link them direct to here i guess https://metamask.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360015289632-How-to-Export-an-Account-Private-Key

Author: I think i will link therexD thanks boon for the find!

```javascript
open-attestation wallet encrypt -k 0x<privatekey> --of ./wallet.json
```

> You will then be prompted to key in your wallet password. Once entered, you will see a success message with the path to your wallet.json:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will then be prompted to set your wallet password. Once entered, you will see a success message with the path to your wallet.json:
```

the word `key` i inferred that it was my metamask password, maybe `set` is a better wording choice

// result: "{\"address\":\"6a36c563a5350d7be66c801f901a67...\", ...}",
```

> This result can now be entered into the `"wallet"` field in the config file.

Reviewer: config file maybe can link back to the example `(/document-creator#configuration-file)`
